[Applause]
[Music]
the coup is a classic of seafood cuisine
but cooking it is not easy you
risk finding it rubbery already
upon purchase a piece of advice take an
octopus of medium size and or less a
kilo who your octopus to the
particularity  which has no muscles, it is a
nerve so there are many cooking techniques to
soften it, both
true and false,
the legend of the cork
in the octopus water to make it
soften but I lack the scientific basis
in reality the only one  which is what the cork stopper does
and float.
It all came about as a result of a mistake because once upon
a time the pulp workers used to cook the
octopuses again in these very large pots. They
gave each octopus a piece of string and then
attached it to the cork stopper
so it was easier to take them out.  when
they were cooking,
in reality to make the octopus soft
you have to elevate it, it would have been unnerving on the
rocks but we don't have them at home
so a bag is enough, we put the
meat inside and beat it hard with
a meat tenderizer then we put it
inside a large pot  with
cold water, I recommend that we put it on the
smallest fire we have and
turn on the important part of the cooking
which must not boil but must simmer
so we cook it at minimum heat
for an hour and a half and then
let it cool
because ubu sword voice not from  'water sui
this is the secret the octopus must
cook in its own water
[Music]